# MobileArchitecture

The requirements and goals of the application outline an invenntory application that incorporates two databases, one to keep track of users and the other to keep track of inventory in a warehouse setting. Users can create or login to their accounts, which will then allow them to create, delete, update, and read items within the warehouse's inventory. There is also an optional setting to turn on notifications when any item within the store reaches zero. The screens necessary to create this app include a screen for creating an item, editing and deleting an item, reading the list of items, logging in, registering, and the notification acceptance or denial prompt page. My UI designs kept users in mind since there is not too much information overload on any one page, and the submit and navigation buttons are clearly labeled or comprehensible. 

I appraoched the process of coding my app by coming up with a general outline of the functions I would require and then creating them gradually to full cohesion. Strategies that I implemented included using helper functions within the main chunks of each page's code so that the main section would not be bloated by repetitious phrases. I apply this technique in many projects and will continue to do so in the future since it improves the readability of any program. I tested the application to ensure the code was functional by running the app in Android Studio's in-app emulator. This process is important since without it one would not truly know if their app was entirely functional at all. 

Considering the full app design and development process, from intiial planning to finilization, I had to innovate to overcome a challenge within implementing the notification sytem and also with the creating of the list view for the database. Originally, I was going to try to do a table, grid sort of view for each item, but I found that ultimately my original design was visually unappealing and swapped it for a more streamlined list. I believe I was particularly successfull in the database functions within my application. 
